.TH "parser.h" 3 "18 Jun 2010" "Version 0.5.3" "NMEA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
parser.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'info.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_nmeaPARSER\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_init\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialization of parser object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnmea_parser_destroy\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroy parser object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parse\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser, const char *buff, int buff_sz, \fBnmeaINFO\fP *info)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnalysis of buffer and put results to information structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_push\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser, const char *buff, int buff_sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnalysis of buffer and keep results into parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_top\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet type of top packet keeped into parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_pop\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser, void **pack_ptr)"
.br
.RI "\fIWithdraw top packet from parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_peek\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser, void **pack_ptr)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet top packet from parser without withdraw. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_drop\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIDelete top packet from parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_buff_clear\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIClear cache of parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnmea_parser_queue_clear\fP (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP *parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIClear packets queue into parser. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
Definition in file \fBparser.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int nmea_parse (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser, const char * buff, int buff_sz, \fBnmeaINFO\fP * info)"
.PP
Analysis of buffer and put results to information structure. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of packets wos parsed 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 77 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_buff_clear (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser)"
.PP
Clear cache of parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true (1) - success 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 384 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_drop (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser)"
.PP
Delete top packet from parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Deleted packet type 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBnmeaPACKTYPE\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 359 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_init (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser)"
.PP
Initialization of parser object. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true (1) - success or false (0) - fail 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_peek (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser, void ** pack_ptr)"
.PP
Get top packet from parser without withdraw. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Received packet type 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBnmeaPACKTYPE\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 338 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_pop (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser, void ** pack_ptr)"
.PP
Withdraw top packet from parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Received packet type 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBnmeaPACKTYPE\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 313 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_push (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser, const char * buff, int buff_sz)"
.PP
Analysis of buffer and keep results into parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of bytes wos parsed from buffer 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 269 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_queue_clear (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser)"
.PP
Clear packets queue into parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true (1) - success 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 395 of file parser.c.
.SS "int nmea_parser_top (\fBnmeaPARSER\fP * parser)"
.PP
Get type of top packet keeped into parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Type of packet 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBnmeaPACKTYPE\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 295 of file parser.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NMEA from the source code.
